All right.
Welcome back my sister.
And so we are almost done with this form and we have our evaluations we have almost all the fields here
.
There's one field that we don't have and I think it should be good to add a here so that way you guys
can.
KING You know a little bit more practice we already did this we already uploaded files but it would
be nice to have this application with some file file capability features right.
So why don't we do this why don't we actually you know create a function item where we can overload
files so that we you can you can know what else to do in your posts and your categories.
Well categories are known going to have images but for post you can follow some pictures.
So basically you can do the same thing we're doing to users we can do to post.
So that way you have a really good idea how that works.
OK.
You should already know that but I wanted to reinforce that knowledge.
So for this to happen we need to have a multipart.
Each of you write and type review in the form we're going to create in a little bit.
And we also need another space here.
One that would only add space here we need another input feel for file.
All right.
So let's get this get it done right.
Let's go to create and let's see what we can put this input type file here.
I think the file should be maybe close to the password maybe.
All right.
Let's just put it there and then we can move it later on to wherever we want.
Let's just do it right here.
All right so text field.
First before we do this let's actually make this
multipart right for the ink type here and then when we do that is by adding this key and with a value
of true.
Let's make sure it is working.
Let's inspect real quick.
All right guys.
And remember my goal here is to show you as much as I can in every lecture you see and type.
So when and when I switch like this and I tell you guys let's do this let's do that.
Because I'm trying to fit as much knowledge as possible into the lecture.
OK I'm trying to make that give you all the knowledge that I can for that specific topic so that way
you guys have that and can use it with other things out there.
All right.
So you know I just don't want to show you one thing and say I want to keep showing you more and more
tricks and techniques and different stuff.
All right.
Well you guys have more knowledge.
But anyway so now with that we have this let's create that import field and it's my let's move this
a little bit.
Let's make this a file method here.
Let's name it file and file.
We have to modify our migration a little bit and we're going to keep it as if you see what I'm doing
here guys I'm adding stuff taking stuff out because this is the way you do it in real life if you know
most of the time you planned this stuff but laid on you change your mind and you want to make it different
.
All right.
Make sure that you guys are doing your very good version control as well.
We got something working already.
You don't want to mess it up.
I do my version control when I have mostly the features that I want working already.
So we still have not completed his user section so that's why I haven't done a version control yet.
But anyway so you know in real life you add stuff when you take stuff off.
Let's check out our database we could right here
database right here migrations.
And let's check out the users table.
All right we need to add a column for photo.
All right.
So let's do that.
We don't even have a photo ID table yet but we will.
So we're just working on users right now.
Right guys.
Later on we're going to work on photos and all that but right now we've got to get the users part done
.
But let's add a table here meanwhile and let's open terminal.
Let's clear this out and let's just say BHB artists and migrate I actually make migration.
This is the problem when you have aliases for everything guys.
You forget the commands.
So between our recent migration and photo ID to users.
All right.
Table users.
We go
right there we go.
The reason why is Ray remember is because a good version is on on track.
That's good.
BHB storm detects that.
All right so the users table and we're going to add a column name
file actually photo ID I'm sorry.
All right.
Make sure right here you have the drub column here.
All right cool this to BHB Ortiz and I agree.
Cool.
Done.
All right.
So now we have this file input put here we can receive files in our.
Now let's go back to requests.
So let's go CTP.
Let's go back here and we're going to also make sure.
As a matter of fact we don't have to have an image for the user.
We're not going to make that a requirement and our validation and our input in our field here.
Now guys remember that here you can also pass other parameters so if you want to know more parameters
you can always visit Clarabell the allowable Web site and type in validation rules and that's going
to give you a lot more parameters that you can passing here.
OK.
It's going to show you some more stuff.
All right.
So I think we're done with this here.
And let's refresh this.
We can see that we have an input there so
I think we are actually returning this information.
Now we go and create a validation taking place there.
All right we're getting going back there because we don't have the whole idea of the user active field
or I
filed
we go
all right.
We'll check on that on the next election when we come back.
But we have this validation rules we have our migrations we have.
I mean we have done a lot here on this lecture.
All right.
We'll continue on the next one.
Take care.